store-gateway: remove cortex_bucket_store_blocks_loaded_by_duration (#7309)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Query-frontend: the default value of the CLI flag `-query-frontend.max-cache-freshness` (and its respective YAML configuration parameter) has been changed from `1m` to `10m`. #7161
* [CHANGE] Distributor: default the optimization `-distributor.write-requests-buffer-pooling-enabled` to `true`. #7165
* [CHANGE] Tracing: Move query information to span attributes instead of span logs. #7046

> * [CHANGE] Store-gateway: remove `cortex_bucket_store_blocks_loaded_by_duration`. You can use `cortex_bucket_store_series_blocks_queried` instead. #7309

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Store-gateway: remove `cortex_bucket_store_blocks_loaded_by_duration`. `cortex_bucket_store_series_blocks_queried` is better suited for detecting when compactors are not able to keep up with the number of blocks to compact. #7309
```
